Dear Sam,

On behalf of the Admissions Committee, it is my pleasure to offer you admission to the Polytechnic University Class of 2018! You stood out as one of the most talented and promising students in one of the most competitive applicant pools in the history of the Institute. Your commitment to personal excellence and principled goals has convinced us that you will both contribute to our diverse community and thrive within our academic environment. We think that you and PU are a great match.

You’ll likely have offers of admission from many fine schools, but we hope that you’ll choose to enroll at PU. You have until May 1, 2014 to let us know if you’ll call PU home for the next four years. Until then, we look forward to building our relationship with you and helping you to get to know us better. We hope you will join us on campus for Campus Preview Weekend (CPW), April 11-14, 2014.

If you are a financial aid applicant, any information about your financial aid application can be found on your MyPU portal. Simply scroll down past the Application Tracking to Financial Aid. If your financial aid application is complete, your award letter will be available on your MyPU portal beginning March 18. If you have any questions about financial aid, feel free to contact Student Financial Services at .......

PU’s mission is to educate students in science and technology to best prepare them to solve the world’s greatest challenges. Make no mistake, the rigor here is real, but so is the excitement of discovery in the classroom. The ways students collaborate and help each other are varied and many.

I hope you’ll agree with us that PU is the perfect place to prepare for your future. As a member of our community, you’ll join builders, scholars, entrepreneurs, and humanitarians. Together, you will make all the difference in a world that desperately needs you.

Many congratulations and welcome to PU! Now stop reading this and go celebrate!

Sincerely,

Yasir Lemon

Dean of Admissions

flag{it_w4z_ment_2b}       
